README.md, before:

phpMyReservation
================

Fork of [OleJon's](http://www.olejon.net) wonderful timeslot booking system for PHP and MySQL hosts.


####Features
    Fast, easy & smooth
    User login
    Browse through all weeks of the year
    A price per reservation can be set
    Usage is stored automatically
    User control panel
    Advanced admin control panel
    Receive reservation reminders by email 
    
####Requirements

#####Server:
        Web server with PHP
        MySQL 

#####Client:
        A modern browser 

####Screenshots
![1.0 reservation screen](doc/demo.png "1.0 reservation screen")
![1.0 signup screen](doc/signup.png "1.0 signup screen")

####Demo
[This is a hosted demo of 1.0 of the project](http://www.olejon.net/code/phpmyreservation/?demo)

####Installation
1. Clone this repo
2. Import phpmyreservation.sql into mysql or use phpMyAdmin
3. Edit config.php. Secret code is 1234 by default. Set to 0 to disable.
4. Move the phpmyreservation folder to where it can be reached through your web server
5. If you chose to enable reservation reminders in config.php, read this to make it work
6. Open phpMyReservation in a web browser. If you have done everything correctly, you should see the login page
7. Create a new user. The first created user will get admin rights
8. Set the price per reservation in the control panel (just set to 0 if usage is free) 

####Reservation reminders
[Email reminders are documented here](doc/ReservationReminders.md)

Commit message:

PDO/Sqlite + Works on Mobile  phones
Moved to PDO
Moved to Sqlite  - see reservation.db3
Made it work on Iphone
Added a few parameters (start date, weeks before/after...)
Changed the way interval are displayed & processed (here is every 30min)

README.md, after:

phpMyReservation
================

Fork of [OleJon's](http://www.olejon.net) wonderful timeslot booking system for PHP and MySQL hosts.

[Nadir]
Fork of the fork (of https://github.com/ifmw/phpMyReservation)
There is also a repo here : https://code.google.com/p/phpmyreservation/ 
I don't know which one is the original.
Quick & ultra dirty hack.

####New Features [Nadir]
    Moved to PDO
    Moved to Sqlite (so that is is portable. Still there are file rights to set) - see reservation.db3
    Made it work on Iphone (corrected several JS errors)
    Added a few parameters (start date, weeks before/after...)
    Changed the way interval are displayed & processed (here is every 30min)
    Removed top links (control panel)
    French translation as a side effect / French dates
    (Removed code useless to me)
    since it is PDO you can easily move it back to Mysql (see DB.php)

####Features
    Fast, easy & smooth
    User login
    Browse through all weeks of the year
    A price per reservation can be set
    Usage is stored automatically
    User control panel
    Advanced admin control panel
    Receive reservation reminders by email 
    
####Requirements

#####Server:
        Web server with PHP
        MySQL 

#####Client:
        A modern browser 

####Screenshots
![1.0 reservation screen](doc/demo.png "1.0 reservation screen")
![1.0 signup screen](doc/signup.png "1.0 signup screen")

####Demo
[This is a hosted demo of 1.0 of the project](http://www.olejon.net/code/phpmyreservation/?demo)

####Installation
1. Clone this repo
2. Import phpmyreservation.sql into mysql or use phpMyAdmin
3. Edit config.php. Secret code is 1234 by default. Set to 0 to disable.
4. Move the phpmyreservation folder to where it can be reached through your web server
5. If you chose to enable reservation reminders in config.php, read this to make it work
6. Open phpMyReservation in a web browser. If you have done everything correctly, you should see the login page
7. Create a new user. The first created user will get admin rights
8. Set the price per reservation in the control panel (just set to 0 if usage is free) 

####Reservation reminders
[Email reminders are documented here](doc/ReservationReminders.md)
